tetPolyMeshFaceDecomp           = tetPolyMeshFaceDecomp
tetPolyBoundaryMeshFaceDecomp   = $(tetPolyMeshFaceDecomp)/tetPolyBoundaryMesh
tetPolyPatchesFaceDecomp        = $(tetPolyMeshFaceDecomp)/tetPolyPatches
tetPolyPatchFaceDecomp          = $(tetPolyPatchesFaceDecomp)/tetPolyPatch
faceTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp      = $(tetPolyPatchesFaceDecomp)/faceTetPolyPatch
basicTetPolyPatchesFaceDecomp   = $(tetPolyPatchesFaceDecomp)/basic
constraintTetPolyPatchesFaceDecomp = $(tetPolyPatchesFaceDecomp)/constraint
derivedTetPolyPatchesFaceDecomp = $(tetPolyPatchesFaceDecomp)/derived
coupledTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp   = $(basicTetPolyPatchesFaceDecomp)/coupled
coupledFaceTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp = $(basicTetPolyPatchesFaceDecomp)/coupledFace
emptyTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp     = $(constraintTetPolyPatchesFaceDecomp)/empty
symmetryTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp  = $(constraintTetPolyPatchesFaceDecomp)/symmetry
wedgeTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp     = $(constraintTetPolyPatchesFaceDecomp)/wedge
processorTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp = $(constraintTetPolyPatchesFaceDecomp)/processor
globalTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp    = $(constraintTetPolyPatchesFaceDecomp)/global
wallTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp      = $(derivedTetPolyPatchesFaceDecomp)/wall
ggiTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp      = $(derivedTetPolyPatchesFaceDecomp)/ggi

MapTetFemFieldsFaceDecomp       = $(tetPolyMeshFaceDecomp)/MapTetFemFieldsFaceDecomp

tetPolyMeshCellDecomp           = tetPolyMeshCellDecomp
tetPolyBoundaryMeshCellDecomp   = $(tetPolyMeshCellDecomp)/tetPolyBoundaryMesh
tetPolyPatchesCellDecomp        = $(tetPolyMeshCellDecomp)/tetPolyPatches
tetPolyPatchCellDecomp          = $(tetPolyPatchesCellDecomp)/tetPolyPatch
faceTetPolyPatchCellDecomp      = $(tetPolyPatchesCellDecomp)/faceTetPolyPatch
basicTetPolyPatchesCellDecomp   = $(tetPolyPatchesCellDecomp)/basic
constraintTetPolyPatchesCellDecomp = $(tetPolyPatchesCellDecomp)/constraint
derivedTetPolyPatchesCellDecomp = $(tetPolyPatchesCellDecomp)/derived
coupledTetPolyPatchCellDecomp   = $(basicTetPolyPatchesCellDecomp)/coupled
coupledFaceTetPolyPatchCellDecomp = $(basicTetPolyPatchesCellDecomp)/coupledFace
emptyTetPolyPatchCellDecomp     = $(constraintTetPolyPatchesCellDecomp)/empty
symmetryTetPolyPatchCellDecomp  = $(constraintTetPolyPatchesCellDecomp)/symmetry
wedgeTetPolyPatchCellDecomp     = $(constraintTetPolyPatchesCellDecomp)/wedge
processorTetPolyPatchCellDecomp = $(constraintTetPolyPatchesCellDecomp)/processor
globalTetPolyPatchCellDecomp    = $(constraintTetPolyPatchesCellDecomp)/global
wallTetPolyPatchCellDecomp      = $(derivedTetPolyPatchesCellDecomp)/wall
ggiTetPolyPatchCellDecomp      = $(derivedTetPolyPatchesCellDecomp)/ggi

MapTetFemFieldsCellDecomp       = $(tetPolyMeshCellDecomp)/MapTetFemFieldsCellDecomp

tetPolyPatchInterpolation       = tetPolyPatchInterpolation
tetPolyPatchInterpolationFaceDecomp = $(tetPolyPatchInterpolation)/tetPolyPatchInterpolationFaceDecomp
tetPolyPatchInterpolationCellDecomp = $(tetPolyPatchInterpolation)/tetPolyPatchInterpolationCellDecomp


/* Face decomposition mesh
$(tetPolyPatchFaceDecomp)/tetPolyPatchFaceDecomp.C
$(faceTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp)/faceTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp.C
$(faceTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp)/newFaceTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp.C
$(coupledTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp)/coupledTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp.C
$(emptyTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp)/emptyTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp.C
$(symmetryTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp)/symmetryTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp.C
$(wedgeTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp)/wedgeTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp.C
$(coupledFaceTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp)/coupledFaceTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp.C
$(processorTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp)/processorTetPolyPatchFaceDecompM.C
$(processorTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp)/calcProcessorTetPolyPatchFaceDecompAddr.C
$(processorTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp)/calcProcessorTetPolyPatchFaceDecompPointAddr.C
$(globalTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp)/globalTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp.C
$(globalTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp)/calcGlobalTetPolyPatchFaceDecompAddr.C
$(wallTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp)/wallTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp.C
$(ggiTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp)/ggiTetPolyPatchFaceDecomp.C
$(tetPolyBoundaryMeshFaceDecomp)/tetPolyBoundaryMeshFaceDecomp.C
$(tetPolyMeshFaceDecomp)/tetPolyMeshLduAddressingFaceDecomp.C
$(tetPolyMeshFaceDecomp)/tetPolyMeshFaceDecomp.C
$(tetPolyMeshFaceDecomp)/calcTetPolyMeshFaceDecompGeometry.C
$(tetPolyMeshFaceDecomp)/calcTetPolyMeshFaceDecompAddressing.C
$(tetPolyMeshFaceDecomp)/addParallelPointPatchFaceDecomp.C
$(tetPolyMeshFaceDecomp)/calcTetPolyMeshFaceDecompParPointData.C

$(MapTetFemFieldsFaceDecomp)/tetPointMapperFaceDecomp.C
$(MapTetFemFieldsFaceDecomp)/tetPolyPatchMapperFaceDecomp.C
$(tetPolyPatchInterpolationFaceDecomp)/tetPolyPatchInterpolationFaceDecomp.C
*/

$(tetPolyPatchCellDecomp)/tetPolyPatchCellDecomp.C
$(faceTetPolyPatchCellDecomp)/faceTetPolyPatchCellDecomp.C
$(faceTetPolyPatchCellDecomp)/newFaceTetPolyPatchCellDecomp.C
$(coupledTetPolyPatchCellDecomp)/coupledTetPolyPatchCellDecomp.C
$(emptyTetPolyPatchCellDecomp)/emptyTetPolyPatchCellDecomp.C
$(symmetryTetPolyPatchCellDecomp)/symmetryTetPolyPatchCellDecomp.C
$(wedgeTetPolyPatchCellDecomp)/wedgeTetPolyPatchCellDecomp.C
$(coupledFaceTetPolyPatchCellDecomp)/coupledFaceTetPolyPatchCellDecomp.C
$(processorTetPolyPatchCellDecomp)/processorTetPolyPatchCellDecompM.C
$(processorTetPolyPatchCellDecomp)/calcProcessorTetPolyPatchCellDecompAddr.C
$(processorTetPolyPatchCellDecomp)/calcProcessorTetPolyPatchCellDecompPointAddr.C
$(globalTetPolyPatchCellDecomp)/globalTetPolyPatchCellDecomp.C
$(globalTetPolyPatchCellDecomp)/calcGlobalTetPolyPatchCellDecompAddr.C
$(wallTetPolyPatchCellDecomp)/wallTetPolyPatchCellDecomp.C
$(ggiTetPolyPatchCellDecomp)/ggiTetPolyPatchCellDecomp.C
$(tetPolyBoundaryMeshCellDecomp)/tetPolyBoundaryMeshCellDecomp.C
$(tetPolyMeshCellDecomp)/tetPolyMeshLduAddressingCellDecomp.C
$(tetPolyMeshCellDecomp)/tetPolyMeshCellDecomp.C
$(tetPolyMeshCellDecomp)/calcTetPolyMeshCellDecompGeometry.C
$(tetPolyMeshCellDecomp)/calcTetPolyMeshCellDecompAddressing.C
$(tetPolyMeshCellDecomp)/addParallelPointPatchCellDecomp.C
$(tetPolyMeshCellDecomp)/calcTetPolyMeshCellDecompParPointData.C

$(MapTetFemFieldsCellDecomp)/tetPointMapperCellDecomp.C
$(MapTetFemFieldsCellDecomp)/tetPolyPatchMapperCellDecomp.C
$(tetPolyPatchInterpolationCellDecomp)/tetPolyPatchInterpolationCellDecomp.C


tetPolyPatchFields = fields/tetPolyPatchFields
$(tetPolyPatchFields)/tetPolyPatchField/tetPolyPatchFields.C

basicTetPolyPatchFields = $(tetPolyPatchFields)/basic
$(basicTetPolyPatchFields)/calculated/calculatedTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(basicTetPolyPatchFields)/coupled/coupledTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(basicTetPolyPatchFields)/coupledFace/coupledFaceTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(basicTetPolyPatchFields)/generic/genericTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(basicTetPolyPatchFields)/value/valueTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(basicTetPolyPatchFields)/fixedValue/fixedValueTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(basicTetPolyPatchFields)/mixed/mixedTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(basicTetPolyPatchFields)/zeroGradient/zeroGradientTetPolyPatchFields.C

constraintTetPolyPatchFields = $(tetPolyPatchFields)/constraint
$(constraintTetPolyPatchFields)/empty/emptyTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(constraintTetPolyPatchFields)/wedge/wedgeTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(constraintTetPolyPatchFields)/symmetry/symmetryTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(constraintTetPolyPatchFields)/processor/processorTetPolyPatchFields.C

derivedTetPolyPatchFields = $(tetPolyPatchFields)/derived
$(derivedTetPolyPatchFields)/global/globalTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(derivedTetPolyPatchFields)/componentMixed/componentMixedTetPolyPatchVectorField.C
$(derivedTetPolyPatchFields)/oscillatingFixedValue/oscillatingFixedValueTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(derivedTetPolyPatchFields)/timeVaryingUniformFixedValue/timeVaryingUniformFixedValueTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(derivedTetPolyPatchFields)/slip/slipTetPolyPatchFields.C

elementPatchFields = fields/elementPatchFields
$(elementPatchFields)/elementPatchField/elementPatchFields.C

basicElementPatchFields = $(elementPatchFields)/basic
$(basicElementPatchFields)/calculated/calculatedElementPatchFields.C
$(basicElementPatchFields)/coupled/coupledElementPatchFields.C
$(basicElementPatchFields)/coupledFace/coupledFaceElementPatchFields.C
$(basicElementPatchFields)/value/valueElementPatchFields.C

constraintElementPatchFields = $(elementPatchFields)/constraint
$(constraintElementPatchFields)/empty/emptyElementPatchFields.C
$(constraintElementPatchFields)/wedge/wedgeElementPatchFields.C
$(constraintElementPatchFields)/symmetry/symmetryElementPatchFields.C
$(constraintElementPatchFields)/processor/processorElementPatchFields.C
$(constraintElementPatchFields)/global/globalElementPatchFields.C


fields/tetPointFields/tetPointFields.C
fields/elementFields/elementFields.C

tetFemMatrix/tetFemScalarMatrix.C
tetFemMatrix/tetFemMatrices.C

LIB = $(FOAM_LIBBIN)/libcellDecompFiniteElement
